[Getting started][Feature flags] Add how to create feature flags page (#6464)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/creating-feature-flags.mdx

---
title: Creating feature flags
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
    free: none
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

To create a new feature flag, go to the [feature flags tab](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags) in the PostHog app, and click on the "New feature flag" button in the top right.

This presents you with a form where you can complete the details of your new flag:

![How to create a feature flag in PostHog](../../images/features/feature-flags/create-new-feature-flag.png)

Here's a breakdown of each field in the form:

> ### Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key
```

Author: Haha yeah I had this initially, but tbh I thought the text was a bit too big , so opted for ###

> This is the name of the key that you'll use in your code to fetch the feature flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the name of the key you use in your code to evaluate the feature flag.
```

> ### Description and tags 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description and tags 
```

> Metadata to describe your feature flag in the PostHog app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metadata to describe and share information about your feature flag in the PostHog app.
```

> ### Enable feature flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable feature flag
```

> As the name suggests, this determines whether your flag is enabled. Note that disabled flags return `undefined` or `null`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This determines whether your flag is enabled. Disabled flags return `undefined` or `null`.
```

> ### Persisting feature flags across authentication steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Persisting feature flags across authentication steps
```

> This is only relevant if your feature flag is shown to both logged out AND logged in users.

Feature flag values are calculated based on a user's properties. Since it's possible for a user to have different properties before and after login, they may receive different feature flag values before and after logging in.

By enabling the option to persist feature flags across authentication, you ensure that the flag value remains the same. 

> Note that there are trade-offs to enabling this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are trade-offs to enabling this:
```

1. It slows down the feature flag response.
2. It disables local evaluation of the feature flag.

> 3. It disables bootstrapping the feature flag.

Author: note to self: I need to add hyperlinks here when these pages are ready

> ### Served value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Served value
```

There are two types of feature flags:

> #### 1. Boolean flags. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Boolean flags. 
```

> These return `true` or `false`. Optionally, you can also include a payload to be returned when the served value is true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These return `true` or `false`. Optionally, you can also include a [JSON payload](/docs/feature-flags/payloads) to be returned when the served value is true.
```

> #### 1. Boolean flags. 
> 
> These return `true` or `false`. Optionally, you can also include a [JSON payload](/docs/feature-flags/payloads) to be returned when the served value is true.
> 
> #### 2. Multiple variant flags (multivariate flags). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Boolean flags. 

These return `true` or `false`. Optionally, you can also include a [JSON payload](/docs/feature-flags/payloads) to be returned when the served value is true.

### 2. Multiple variant flags (multivariate flags). 
```

Instead of returning true or false, multivariate flags return a key – for example, `control` or `test`. 

> You can also choose the rollout percentage for each variant key, where each variant key can be given a specific percentage of the total audience. Users will then be randomly assigned to each variant based on these percentages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can choose the rollout percentage for each variant key, where each is given a specific percentage of the total audience. Users will then be randomly assigned to each variant based on these percentages.
```

> ### Release conditions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Release conditions
```

This specifies the conditions a user must meet to access the feature flag and receive a value.

> You can create conditions based on [user properties](/docs/product-analytics/user-properties), [group properties](/docs/product-analytics/group-analytics#how-to-set-group-properties), or [cohorts](/docs/data/cohorts).

Reviewer 2: Touch on different match types (group analytics)?
